Release 1.7 (#82)
spinupwp/spinupwp-plugin: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 1.7 (2024-06-02) =

> * New: Add Magic Logic support from the SpinupWP dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New: Support for Magic Login (Log into the WP Admin with one click from the SpinupWP dashboard)
```
